{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green99\blue157;\red20\green20\blue20;\red127\green127\blue127;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22269\c47056\c67833;\csgenericrgb\c7843\c7843\c7843;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;
}
{\info
{\author \uc0\u55358 \u56718 }}\vieww14320\viewh10700
\deftab720
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sa320\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 PubMed
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 	\cf4 Title\cf3 	[131I therapy in hyperthyroidism. Results of treatment from 1960-1974].\
	\cf4 Author(s)\cf3 	H G HG Heinze, F F Schenk\
	\cf4 Location\cf3 	Nuklearmedizin. Nuclear medicine; vol. 16 issue 1; Feb, 1977\
	\cf4 Publication Type\cf3 	English Abstract, Journal Article\
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\cf4 Back Link\cf3 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/846862"}}{\fldrslt Click here to view article in PubMed}}
\f3\b \
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Abstract
\f2\b0 \
488 PATIENTS WITH Graves' disease were treated by 131Iodine between 1960 and 1974. 427 (87,5%) of these patients were reexamined several times (clinically, 131I-uptake, PB127I, T4 (CPB-A), T3-uptake, and since 1973 TRH-test). The 131I was given as an individually calculated single dose treatment, using 7 000 -- 10 000 rd before 1965 and 6 000 rd thereafter. Two thirds of the patients became euthyroid after a single 131I-dose. In 20% the treatment had to be repeated. These patients show evidently a different biological behaviour of their disease, since multiple treatments revealed a higher rate of failure (33--35%). There is no principal difference between the out-come after 131I-therapy and surgery concerning the rate of failure, respectively relapse (3--4%) and hypothyroidism. Early incidence of hypothyrodism is dose--dependent, as could be shown in patients treated with higher doses before 1965. The reduction of the irradiation dose to 6 000 rd was followed by a drop of hypothyroidism from 18% to 7%. The reasons of late incidence of hypothyroidism are discussed. The incidence of hypothroidism  was calculated by three different methods (over-all incidence, incidence within the observed interval after therapy, life-table method). All three methods revealed different results. This has to be taken into account comparing results after radioiodine as well as after surgery. Radioiodine therapy for hyperthyroidism offers a true alternative to surgery.\

\f3\b Comment
\f2\b0 \
Type here.\

\f3\b Keywords
\f2\b0 \
Type here.}