{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green99\blue157;\red20\green20\blue20;\red127\green127\blue127;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22269\c47056\c67833;\csgenericrgb\c7843\c7843\c7843;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;
}
{\info
{\author \uc0\u55358 \u56718 }}\vieww14320\viewh10700
\deftab720
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sa320\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 PubMed
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 	\cf4 Title\cf3 	[A clinical evaluation of the increased serum myoglobin: creatine phosphokinase and lactic dehydrogenase in patients with thyroid disorders (author's transl)].\
	\cf4 Author(s)\cf3 	S I SI Shimoda, K K Kasai\
	\cf4 Location\cf3 	Nihon Naibunpi Gakkai zasshi; vol. 56 issue 8; Aug 20, 1980\
	\cf4 Publication Type\cf3 	English Abstract, Journal Article\
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\cf4 Back Link\cf3 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7418928"}}{\fldrslt Click here to view article in PubMed}}
\f3\b \
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Abstract
\f2\b0 \
Since muscle dysfunction is frequently associated with a hypothyroid state, many clinical reports have indicated that serum enzyme activities derived from the muscle such as creatine phosphokinase (CPK), lactic dehydrogenase (LDH) and glutamic-oxaloacetic transamynase (GOT) are elevated. These enzyme activities in the serum of hyperthyroidism, euthyroidism and hypothyrodism have been known to have a good inverse correlation with protein-bound iodine (PBI). Therefore, as part of a study of the relationship between thyroid states and muscle tissue, values of serum myoblobin (Mb) were measured by RIA. The values of Mb in untreated hyperthyroidism were significantly lower (P<0.01) and, in untreated hypothyroidism, Mb values were significantly higher (p<0.001) than in normal subjects. There was a significant inverse correlation (p<0.01) between T4 or T3 concentration and Mb levels in these subjects. The relationship found between either Mb and LDH or Mb and CPK was also studied in the present study, and it was found that Mb significantly correlated to both LDH and CPK (P<0.001). Abnormalities of these enzyme levels in serum returned to the normal range rapidly after the correction of the abnormal thyroid states in each patient.\

\f3\b Comment
\f2\b0 \
Type here.\

\f3\b Keywords
\f2\b0 \
Type here.}