{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green99\blue157;\red20\green20\blue20;\red127\green127\blue127;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22269\c47056\c67833;\csgenericrgb\c7843\c7843\c7843;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;
}
{\info
{\author \uc0\u55358 \u56718 }}\vieww14320\viewh10700
\deftab720
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sa320\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 PubMed
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 	\cf4 Title\cf3 	Clinical and Biochemical Characteristics of Polycystic Ovarian Syndrome among Women in Bangladesh.\
	\cf4 Author(s)\cf3 	S S Islam, F F Pathan, T T Ahmed\
	\cf4 Location\cf3 	Mymensingh medical journal : MMJ; vol. 24 issue 2; Apr, 2015\
	\cf4 Publication Type\cf3 	Journal Article\
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\cf4 Back Link\cf3 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/26007259"}}{\fldrslt Click here to view article in PubMed}}
\f3\b \
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Abstract
\f2\b0 \
Clinical and Biochemical characteristics age, central obesity, Glucose intolerance, lipid abnormality, thyroid function, prolactin level, clinical signs & symptoms and ultrasonographic ovarian feature of 70 women were studied and prevalence of hyper-prolactinemia, hypothyroidism and Metabolic syndrome were calculated in the Endocrine OPD of BIRDEM during November 2010 to May 2011.Age of the PCOS population was 23.02\'b17.04 year, central obesity in 81.4%, abnormal glucose tolerance in 47.1%, dyslipidemia in 45.7%, hypertension in 24.3%, hirsutism in 88.6%, acanthosis nigricans in 50%, polycystic ovaries by ultrasound (87%) cases. One third of the PCOS cases i.e.; 33% were without hyperprolactinemia or hypothyroidism or Metabolic Syndrome. And the rest 47 cases had one, two or all the 3 with them. The distribution was PCOS with hyperprolactinemia 18.6%, PCOS with hypothyroidism 11.4%, PCOS with Metabolic Syndrome 15.3%, PCOS with hyperprolactinemia with MS 8.6%, PCOS with hypothyrodism with MS 5.6%, PCOS with hypothyrodism with hyperprolactinemia 4.3% and rest 4.3% had all the 4 in combination. Blood glucose levels during OGTT and TSH levels of the group without Hypothyrid, hyperprolactinoma or Metabolic Syndrome were significantly lower (p\uc0\u8804 0.008). Significant proportion of Bangladeshi women with PCOS has hypothyroidsm with or without high prolactin and also have higher incidence of metabolic syndrome. So, all PCOS patients should also be screened for hypothyroidsm and hyperprolactinemia. \

\f3\b Comment
\f2\b0 \
Type here.\

\f3\b Keywords
\f2\b0 \
Type here.}