{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green99\blue157;\red20\green20\blue20;\red127\green127\blue127;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22269\c47056\c67833;\csgenericrgb\c7843\c7843\c7843;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;
}
{\info
{\author \uc0\u55358 \u56718 }}\vieww14320\viewh10700
\deftab720
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sa320\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 PubMed
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 	\cf4 Title\cf3 	Endothelin mechanisms in altered thyroid states in the rat.\
	\cf4 Author(s)\cf3 	S S Rebello, E B EB Thompson, A A Gulati\
	\cf4 Location\cf3 	European journal of pharmacology; vol. 237 issue 1; Jun 11, 1993\
	\cf4 Publication Type\cf3 	Journal Article\
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\cf4 Back Link\cf3 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/8359210"}}{\fldrslt Click here to view article in PubMed}}
\f3\b \
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Abstract
\f2\b0 \
Endothelin (ET) and its receptor characteristics were studied in hyper- and hypo-thyroid states in the rats. Hyperthyroidism was induced by daily administration of thyroxine (0.1 mg/kg i.p.) for 8 weeks, while hypothyrodism was induced by daily administration of methimazole (10 mg/kg i.p.) for 8 weeks. The chronic administration of thyroxine to rats decreased their rate of gain of body weight, increased serum T3 and T4 concentration, blood pressure and heart rate. The chronic administration of methimazole decreased the rate of gain of body weight, serum T3 and T4 concentration, blood pressure and heart rate as compared to vehicle-treated control. Plasma ET-1 levels were found to be similar in control and methimazole-treated rats, while the levels were found to be significantly (P < 0.002) increased in thyroxine-treated rats as compared to control rats. Binding studies showed that [125I]ET-1 bound to a single, high affinity binding site in the cerebral cortex, hypothalamus and pituitary. The density (Bmax) and the affinity (Kd) of [125I]ET-1 binding in the cerebral cortex and hypothalamus were found to be similar in control, methimazole- and thyroxine-treated rats. The pituitary of thyroxine-treated rats showed a decrease in the binding (34.3% decrease in the density) of [125I]ET-1 as compared to control rats. No difference was observed in the binding of [125I]ET-1 to pituitary membranes from control and methimazole-treated rats. Competition studies showed that the IC50 and Ki values of ET-3 for [125]ET-1 binding were about 8 to 11 times higher than ET-1 in cerebral cortex, hypothalamus and pituitary.(ABSTRACT TRUNCATED AT 250 WORDS)\

\f3\b Comment
\f2\b0 \
Type here.\

\f3\b Keywords
\f2\b0 \
Type here.}