{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green99\blue157;\red20\green20\blue20;\red127\green127\blue127;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22269\c47056\c67833;\csgenericrgb\c7843\c7843\c7843;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;
}
{\info
{\author \uc0\u55358 \u56718 }}\vieww14320\viewh10700
\deftab720
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sa320\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 PubMed
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 	\cf4 Title\cf3 	Hypothyroid myopathy. A clinical and pathologaical study.\
	\cf4 Author(s)\cf3 	R O RO McKeran, G G Slavin, P P Ward, E E Paul, W G WG Mair\
	\cf4 Location\cf3 	The Journal of pathology; vol. 132 issue 1; Sep, 1980\
	\cf4 Publication Type\cf3 	Journal Article\
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\cf4 Back Link\cf3 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/7431156"}}{\fldrslt Click here to view article in PubMed}}
\f3\b \
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Abstract
\f2\b0 \
Ten patients with varying degrees of hypothroid myopathy were studied clinically and by serial percutaneous needle muscle biopsies before and during treatment with L-thyroxine. The biochemical evidence of hypothyroidism was related to the severity of the myopathic and signs before treatment. The severity of myopathic symptoms before and during treatment correlated with the biochemical evidence of hypothyrodism, a type II fibre atrophy and increased central nuclear counts. Likewise, the clinical evidence of a myopathy before and during treatment was correlated with both a type II fibre atrophy and loss and increased central nuclear counts but was not related to the biochemical parameters of hypothyroidism, except the level of thyroid stimulating hormone. In the muscle, before and during treatment, of the two most severely affected patients, intracellular glycogen inclusions were seen in scattered muscle fibres. On light microscopy and on electronmicroscopy, numerous mitochondria were seen responding to L-thyroxine with accumulations of subsarcolemmal honey-combing. Vesicular abnormalities, an electron dense matrix or occasional crystalline deposits were seen in muscle mitochondria from less severely azffected patients. Severely myopathic muscle contained excessive glycogen, membrane bound glycogen and excess lipid in a mainly perinuclear distribution. Occasional myelin and membranous bodies were seen and satellite cells during the recovery phase. A group of patients with hypothyroid myopathy who are likely to have a delayed recovery of full muscle strength on L-thyroxine may be recognised by the presence of severe proximal muscle weakness and characteristic changes on histochemical and electronmicroscopic examination of muscle. The spectrum of histochemical and electronmicroscopic abnormalities of muscle revealed with increasing degree of hypothyrodism, suggests that a generally reversible acquired glycogen storage and mictochondrial disorder is an important feature in the pathogenesis of this condition.\

\f3\b Comment
\f2\b0 \
Type here.\

\f3\b Keywords
\f2\b0 \
Type here.}