{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green99\blue157;\red20\green20\blue20;\red127\green127\blue127;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22269\c47056\c67833;\csgenericrgb\c7843\c7843\c7843;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;
}
{\info
{\author \uc0\u55358 \u56718 }}\vieww14320\viewh10700
\deftab720
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sa320\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 PubMed
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 	\cf4 Title\cf3 	ROHHAD Syndrome, a Rare Cause of Hypothalamic Obesity: Report of Two Cases\
	\cf4 Author(s)\cf3 	\'dclk\'fc G\'fcl \'dcG \uc0\u350 iraz, Deniz D \'d6kdemir, G\'fcl G Direk, Leyla L Ak\u305 n, Nihal N Hatipo\u287 lu, Mustafa M Kendirci, Selim S Kurto\u287 lu\
	\cf4 Location\cf3 	Journal of clinical research in pediatric endocrinology; vol. 10 issue 4; 11 29, 2018\
	\cf4 Publication Type\cf3 	Case Reports, Journal Article\
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\cf4 Back Link\cf3 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/29553042"}}{\fldrslt Click here to view article in PubMed}}
\f3\b \
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Abstract
\f2\b0 \
Rapid-onset obesity with hypoventilation, hypothalamic dysfunction and autonomic dysregulation (ROHHAD) syndrome is a rare disease that is difficult to diagnosis and distinguish from genetic obesity syndromes. The underlying causes of the disease have not been fully explained. Hypothalamic dysfunction causes endocrine problems, respiratory dysfunction and autonomic alterations. Currently there are around 80 reported patients although this is likely due to underdiagnosis due to lack of recognition. We present two female patients suspected of ROHHAD due to weight gain starting in early childhood. Clinical and biochemical findings such as respiratory and circulatory dysfunction, hypothalamic hypernatremia, central hypothyrodism, hyperprolactinemia and central early puberty in these patients matched the criteria for ROHHAD syndrome. ROHHAD syndrome should be considered in the differential diagnosis of monogenic obesity.\

\f3\b Comment
\f2\b0 \
Type here.\

\f3\b Keywords
\f2\b0 \
Type here.}