{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg950\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-Black;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red45\green99\blue157;\red20\green20\blue20;\red127\green127\blue127;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c22269\c47056\c67833;\csgenericrgb\c7843\c7843\c7843;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c49804\c49804;
}
{\info
{\author \uc0\u55358 \u56718 }}\vieww14320\viewh10700
\deftab720
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sa320\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs56 \cf2 PubMed
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f2\fs28 \cf3 	\cf4 Title\cf3 	The diagnosis and management of central hypothyroidism in 2018.\
	\cf4 Author(s)\cf3 	Luca L Persani, Biagio B Cangiano, Marco M Bonomi\
	\cf4 Location\cf3 	Endocrine connections; vol. 8 issue 2; Feb, 2019\
	\cf4 Publication Type\cf3 	Journal Article, Review\
\pard\tqr\tx2267\tx2832\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	\cf4 Back Link\cf3 	{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pubmed/30645189"}}{\fldrslt Click here to view article in PubMed}}
\f3\b \
\pard\tx198\tx508\tx1133\tx2267\tx3401\tx4535\tx5669\tx6803\pardeftab720\sl360\slmult1\sa300\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 Abstract
\f2\b0 \
Central hypothyrodism (CeH) is a hypothyroid state caused by an insufficient stimulation by thyrotropin (TSH) of an otherwise normal thyroid gland. Several advancements, including the recent publication of expert guidelines for CeH diagnosis and management, have been made in recent years thus increasing the clinical awareness on this condition. Here, we reviewed the recent advancements and give expert opinions on critical issues. Indeed, CeH can be the consequence of various disorders affecting either the pituitary gland or the hypothalamus. Recent data enlarged the list of candidate genes for heritable CeH and a genetic origin may be the underlying cause for CeH discovered in pediatric or even adult patients without apparent pituitary lesions. This raises the doubt that the frequency of CeH may be underestimated. CeH is most frequently diagnosed as a consequence of the biochemical assessments in patients with hypothalamic/pituitary lesions. In contrast with primary hypothyroidism, low FT4 with low/normal TSH levels are the biochemical hallmark of CeH, and adequate thyroid hormone replacement leads to the suppression of residual TSH secretion. Thus, CeH often represents a clinical challenge because physicians cannot rely on the use of the 'reflex TSH strategy' for screening or therapy monitoring. Nevertheless, in contrast with general assumption, the finding of normal TSH levels may indicate thyroxine under-replacement in CeH patients. The clinical management of CeH is further complicated by the combination with multiple pituitary deficiencies, as the introduction of sex steroids or GH replacements may uncover latent forms of CeH or increase the thyroxine requirements.\

\f3\b Comment
\f2\b0 \
Type here.\

\f3\b Keywords
\f2\b0 \
Type here.}